[22865]: Added warning about ROS2 IDLs (#1037)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/fastddsgen/dataTypes/dataTypes.rst

To activate case sensitivity use option :code:`-cs` when running *Fast DDS-Gen* (see
:ref:`fastddsgen_supported_options`).

.. warning::

>   Note that IDL files created by ROS2 are not necessarilly compatible with Fast DDS applications, since they are
>   processed in a different manner and can lead to incompatible type definitons. For a detailed explanation on
>   how to ensure compatibility between ROS2 and Fast DDS applications, please refer to this
>   `Vulcanexus tutorial <https://docs.vulcanexus.org/en/jazzy/rst/tutorials/core/deployment/dds2vulcanexus/dds2vulcanexus_ros2idl.html>`_.

Reviewer: Do not break lines every 120 characters, just after every sentence. 

```suggestion
  Note that IDL files created by ROS 2 are not necessarily compatible with Fast DDS applications, since they are
  processed in a different manner and can lead to incompatible type definitons. For a detailed explanation on
  how to ensure compatibility between ROS 2 and Fast DDS applications, please refer to this
  `Vulcanexus tutorial <https://docs.vulcanexus.org/en/jazzy/rst/tutorials/core/deployment/dds2vulcanexus/dds2vulcanexus_ros2idl.html>`_.
```

Author: Added the suggested changes
